c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikXFApp1\TelerikXFApp1\Portable\bin\Debug\TelerikXFApp1.Portable.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikXFApp1\TelerikXFApp1\Portable\bin\Debug\TelerikXFApp1.Portable.pdb
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikXFApp1\TelerikXFApp1\Portable\bin\Debug\Telerik.XamarinForms.Chart.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikXFApp1\TelerikXFApp1\Portable\bin\Debug\Telerik.XamarinForms.Common.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikXFApp1\TelerikXFApp1\Portable\bin\Debug\Telerik.XamarinForms.DataControls.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikXFApp1\TelerikXFApp1\Portable\bin\Debug\Telerik.XamarinForms.Input.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikXFApp1\TelerikXFApp1\Portable\bin\Debug\Telerik.XamarinForms.Primitives.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikXFApp1\TelerikXFApp1\Portable\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikXFApp1\TelerikXFApp1\Portable\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikXFApp1\TelerikXFApp1\Portable\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikXFApp1\TelerikXFApp1\Portable\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.pdb
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikXFApp1\TelerikXFApp1\Portable\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikXFApp1\TelerikXFApp1\Portable\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.pdb
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikXFApp1\TelerikXFApp1\Portable\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.pdb
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikXFApp1\TelerikXFApp1\Portable\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikXFApp1\TelerikXFApp1\Portable\obj\Debug\TelerikXFApp1.Portable.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikXFApp1\TelerikXFApp1\Portable\obj\Debug\Portable.StartPage.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikXFApp1\TelerikXFApp1\Portable\obj\Debug\TelerikXFApp1.Portable.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikXFApp1\TelerikXFApp1\Portable\obj\Debug\TelerikXFApp1.Portable.pdb
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikXFApp1\TelerikXFApp1\Portable\obj\Debug\Portable.Page1.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikXFApp1\TelerikXFApp1\Portable\obj\Debug\TelerikXFApp1.Portable.dll.mdb
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikXFApp1\TelerikXFApp1\Portable\bin\Debug\TelerikXFApp1.Portable.dll.mdb
