c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikXFApp1\TelerikXFApp1\Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\TelerikXFApp1.Android.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikXFApp1\TelerikXFApp1\Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\FormsViewGroup.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikXFApp1\TelerikXFApp1\Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Telerik.Xamarin.Android.Chart.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikXFApp1\TelerikXFApp1\Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Telerik.Xamarin.Android.Common.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikXFApp1\TelerikXFApp1\Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Telerik.Xamarin.Android.Data.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikXFApp1\TelerikXFApp1\Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Telerik.Xamarin.Android.Input.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikXFApp1\TelerikXFApp1\Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Telerik.Xamarin.Android.List.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikXFApp1\TelerikXFApp1\Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Telerik.Xamarin.Android.Primitives.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikXFApp1\TelerikXFApp1\Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Telerik.XamarinForms.Chart.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikXFApp1\TelerikXFApp1\Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Telerik.XamarinForms.ChartRenderer.Android.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikXFApp1\TelerikXFApp1\Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Telerik.XamarinForms.Common.Android.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikXFApp1\TelerikXFApp1\Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Telerik.XamarinForms.Common.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikXFApp1\TelerikXFApp1\Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Telerik.XamarinForms.DataControls.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikXFApp1\TelerikXFApp1\Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Telerik.XamarinForms.DataControlsRenderer.Android.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikXFApp1\TelerikXFApp1\Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Telerik.XamarinForms.Input.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikXFApp1\TelerikXFApp1\Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Telerik.XamarinForms.InputRenderer.Android.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikXFApp1\TelerikXFApp1\Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Telerik.XamarinForms.Primitives.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikXFApp1\TelerikXFApp1\Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Telerik.XamarinForms.PrimitivesRenderer.Android.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikXFApp1\TelerikXFApp1\Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Xamarin.Android.Support.Animated.Vector.Drawable.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikXFApp1\TelerikXFApp1\Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Xamarin.Android.Support.Design.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikXFApp1\TelerikXFApp1\Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Xamarin.Android.Support.v4.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikXFApp1\TelerikXFApp1\Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.AppCompat.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikXFApp1\TelerikXFApp1\Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.CardView.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikXFApp1\TelerikXFApp1\Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.MediaRouter.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikXFApp1\TelerikXFApp1\Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.RecyclerView.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikXFApp1\TelerikXFApp1\Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Xamarin.Android.Support.v8.RenderScript.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikXFApp1\TelerikXFApp1\Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Xamarin.Android.Support.Vector.Drawable.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikXFApp1\TelerikXFApp1\Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikXFApp1\TelerikXFApp1\Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikXFApp1\TelerikXFApp1\Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikXFApp1\TelerikXFApp1\Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikXFApp1\TelerikXFApp1\Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Java.Interop.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikXFApp1\TelerikXFApp1\Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Mono.Android.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikXFApp1\TelerikXFApp1\Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\mscorlib.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikXFApp1\TelerikXFApp1\Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Core.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikXFApp1\TelerikXFApp1\Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikXFApp1\TelerikXFApp1\Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Xml.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikXFApp1\TelerikXFApp1\Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Xml.Linq.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikXFApp1\TelerikXFApp1\Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\TelerikXFApp1.Portable.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikXFApp1\TelerikXFApp1\Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Runtime.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikXFApp1\TelerikXFApp1\Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.ComponentModel.Composition.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikXFApp1\TelerikXFApp1\Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Resources.ResourceManager.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikXFApp1\TelerikXFApp1\Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Linq.Expressions.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikXFApp1\TelerikXFApp1\Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.ObjectModel.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikXFApp1\TelerikXFApp1\Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Diagnostics.Debug.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikXFApp1\TelerikXFApp1\Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Reflection.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikXFApp1\TelerikXFApp1\Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Threading.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikXFApp1\TelerikXFApp1\Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Linq.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikXFApp1\TelerikXFApp1\Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Runtime.Extensions.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikXFApp1\TelerikXFApp1\Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Collections.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikXFApp1\TelerikXFApp1\Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Text.RegularExpressions.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikXFApp1\TelerikXFApp1\Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Reflection.Extensions.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikXFApp1\TelerikXFApp1\Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Threading.Tasks.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikXFApp1\TelerikXFApp1\Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Globalization.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikXFApp1\TelerikXFApp1\Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.ComponentModel.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikXFApp1\TelerikXFApp1\Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Xml.ReaderWriter.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikXFApp1\TelerikXFApp1\Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.IO.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikXFApp1\TelerikXFApp1\Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Dynamic.Runtime.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikXFApp1\TelerikXFApp1\Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Net.Http.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikXFApp1\TelerikXFApp1\Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Runtime.Serialization.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikXFApp1\TelerikXFApp1\Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.ServiceModel.Internals.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikXFApp1\TelerikXFApp1\Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Collections.Concurrent.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikXFApp1\TelerikXFApp1\Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Runtime.InteropServices.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikXFApp1\TelerikXFApp1\Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Diagnostics.Tools.dll
