c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikXFApp1\TelerikXFApp1\Android\bin\Debug\TelerikXFApp1.Android.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikXFApp1\TelerikXFApp1\Android\bin\Debug\TelerikXFApp1.Android.pdb
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikXFApp1\TelerikXFApp1\Android\bin\Debug\TelerikXFApp1.Android.apk
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikXFApp1\TelerikXFApp1\Android\bin\Debug\TelerikXFApp1.Android-Signed.apk
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikXFApp1\TelerikXFApp1\Android\bin\Debug\FormsViewGroup.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikXFApp1\TelerikXFApp1\Android\bin\Debug\Telerik.Xamarin.Android.Chart.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikXFApp1\TelerikXFApp1\Android\bin\Debug\Telerik.Xamarin.Android.Common.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikXFApp1\TelerikXFApp1\Android\bin\Debug\Telerik.Xamarin.Android.Data.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikXFApp1\TelerikXFApp1\Android\bin\Debug\Telerik.Xamarin.Android.Input.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikXFApp1\TelerikXFApp1\Android\bin\Debug\Telerik.Xamarin.Android.List.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikXFApp1\TelerikXFApp1\Android\bin\Debug\Telerik.Xamarin.Android.Primitives.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikXFApp1\TelerikXFApp1\Android\bin\Debug\Telerik.XamarinForms.Chart.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikXFApp1\TelerikXFApp1\Android\bin\Debug\Telerik.XamarinForms.ChartRenderer.Android.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikXFApp1\TelerikXFApp1\Android\bin\Debug\Telerik.XamarinForms.Common.Android.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikXFApp1\TelerikXFApp1\Android\bin\Debug\Telerik.XamarinForms.Common.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikXFApp1\TelerikXFApp1\Android\bin\Debug\Telerik.XamarinForms.DataControls.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikXFApp1\TelerikXFApp1\Android\bin\Debug\Telerik.XamarinForms.DataControlsRenderer.Android.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikXFApp1\TelerikXFApp1\Android\bin\Debug\Telerik.XamarinForms.Input.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikXFApp1\TelerikXFApp1\Android\bin\Debug\Telerik.XamarinForms.InputRenderer.Android.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikXFApp1\TelerikXFApp1\Android\bin\Debug\Telerik.XamarinForms.Primitives.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikXFApp1\TelerikXFApp1\Android\bin\Debug\Telerik.XamarinForms.PrimitivesRenderer.Android.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikXFApp1\TelerikXFApp1\Android\bin\Debug\TelerikXFApp1.Portable.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikXFApp1\TelerikXFApp1\Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Animated.Vector.Drawable.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikXFApp1\TelerikXFApp1\Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Design.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikXFApp1\TelerikXFApp1\Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v4.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikXFApp1\TelerikXFApp1\Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.AppCompat.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikXFApp1\TelerikXFApp1\Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.CardView.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikXFApp1\TelerikXFApp1\Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.MediaRouter.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikXFApp1\TelerikXFApp1\Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.RecyclerView.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikXFApp1\TelerikXFApp1\Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v8.RenderScript.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikXFApp1\TelerikXFApp1\Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Vector.Drawable.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikXFApp1\TelerikXFApp1\Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikXFApp1\TelerikXFApp1\Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikXFApp1\TelerikXFApp1\Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikXFApp1\TelerikXFApp1\Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikXFApp1\TelerikXFApp1\Android\bin\Debug\TelerikXFApp1.Portable.pdb
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikXFApp1\TelerikXFApp1\Android\bin\Debug\FormsViewGroup.pdb
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikXFApp1\TelerikXFApp1\Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.pdb
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikXFApp1\TelerikXFApp1\Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikXFApp1\TelerikXFApp1\Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.pdb
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikXFApp1\TelerikXFApp1\Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.pdb
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikXFApp1\TelerikXFApp1\Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikXFApp1\TelerikXFApp1\Android\obj\Debug\TelerikXFApp1.Android.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikXFApp1\TelerikXFApp1\Android\obj\Debug\TelerikXFApp1.Android.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikXFApp1\TelerikXFApp1\Android\obj\Debug\TelerikXFApp1.Android.pdb
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikXFApp1\TelerikXFApp1\Android\obj\Debug\android\bin\TelerikXFApp1.Android.apk
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikXFApp1\TelerikXFApp1\Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable\icon.png
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikXFApp1\TelerikXFApp1\Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-hdpi\icon.png
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikXFApp1\TelerikXFApp1\Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xhdpi\icon.png
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikXFApp1\TelerikXFApp1\Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxhdpi\icon.png
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikXFApp1\TelerikXFApp1\Android\obj\Debug\R.cs.flag
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikXFApp1\TelerikXFApp1\Android\obj\Debug\uploadflags.txt
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikXFApp1\TelerikXFApp1\Android\bin\Debug\TelerikXFApp1.Android.dll.mdb
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikXFApp1\TelerikXFApp1\Android\bin\Debug\TelerikXFApp1.Portable.dll.mdb
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikXFApp1\TelerikXFApp1\Android\bin\Debug\FormsViewGroup.dll.mdb
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikXFApp1\TelerikXFApp1\Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll.mdb
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikXFApp1\TelerikXFApp1\Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.dll.mdb
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikXFApp1\TelerikXFApp1\Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll.mdb
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikXFApp1\TelerikXFApp1\Android\bin\Debug\Java.Interop.dll.mdb
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikXFApp1\TelerikXFApp1\Android\bin\Debug\Mono.Android.dll.mdb
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikXFApp1\TelerikXFApp1\Android\bin\Debug\mscorlib.dll.mdb
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikXFApp1\TelerikXFApp1\Android\bin\Debug\System.ComponentModel.Composition.dll.mdb
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikXFApp1\TelerikXFApp1\Android\bin\Debug\System.Core.dll.mdb
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikXFApp1\TelerikXFApp1\Android\bin\Debug\System.dll.mdb
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikXFApp1\TelerikXFApp1\Android\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.dll.mdb
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikXFApp1\TelerikXFApp1\Android\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.Serialization.dll.mdb
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikXFApp1\TelerikXFApp1\Android\bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.Internals.dll.mdb
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikXFApp1\TelerikXFApp1\Android\bin\Debug\System.Xml.dll.mdb
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikXFApp1\TelerikXFApp1\Android\bin\Debug\System.Xml.Linq.dll.mdb
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikXFApp1\TelerikXFApp1\Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\FormsViewGroup.dll.mdb
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikXFApp1\TelerikXFApp1\Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Java.Interop.dll.mdb
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikXFApp1\TelerikXFApp1\Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Mono.Android.dll.mdb
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikXFApp1\TelerikXFApp1\Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\mscorlib.dll.mdb
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikXFApp1\TelerikXFApp1\Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.ComponentModel.Composition.dll.mdb
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikXFApp1\TelerikXFApp1\Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Core.dll.mdb
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikXFApp1\TelerikXFApp1\Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.dll.mdb
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikXFApp1\TelerikXFApp1\Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Net.Http.dll.mdb
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikXFApp1\TelerikXFApp1\Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Runtime.Serialization.dll.mdb
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikXFApp1\TelerikXFApp1\Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.ServiceModel.Internals.dll.mdb
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikXFApp1\TelerikXFApp1\Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Xml.dll.mdb
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikXFApp1\TelerikXFApp1\Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Xml.Linq.dll.mdb
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikXFApp1\TelerikXFApp1\Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\TelerikXFApp1.Android.dll.mdb
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikXFApp1\TelerikXFApp1\Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\TelerikXFApp1.Portable.dll.mdb
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikXFApp1\TelerikXFApp1\Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll.mdb
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikXFApp1\TelerikXFApp1\Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.dll.mdb
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikXFApp1\TelerikXFApp1\Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll.mdb
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikXFApp1\TelerikXFApp1\Android\obj\Debug\TelerikXFApp1.Android.dll.mdb
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelerikXFApp1\TelerikXFApp1\Android\bin\Debug\TelerikXFApp1.Android.dll.mdb
